PROJECT_STATUS.md, before:

# SVG Module Development - Current Status

## ✅ COMPLETED WORK

### Core Implementation
- **LunaSVG Integration**: Complete with v3.3.0 API
- **SVGResource**: Full SVG parsing and rasterization
- **SVGTexture**: Dynamic texture generation from SVG
- **SVGSprite2D**: Optimized sprite rendering with symbols
- **Style Override System**: Runtime color/style modifications
- **Symbol Extraction**: ID-based symbol identification and rendering

### Build System
- **Module Configuration**: Complete scons build setup
- **Cross-platform Support**: Windows, Linux, macOS ready
- **Library Integration**: All LunaSVG and PlutoVG sources included

### Test Infrastructure  
- **Development Environment**: Automated deployment to Godot
- **Test Suite**: Comprehensive validation and functional tests
- **Asset Management**: Organized test SVGs and documentation
- **Configuration**: Flexible dev-settings.json for local paths

## 🎯 READY FOR USE

The SVG module is **production-ready** and can be:

1. **Deployed** to any Godot development environment
2. **Built** with standard Godot build process
3. **Tested** with included comprehensive test suite
4. **Used** in Godot projects for SVG rendering

## 🚀 QUICK START

```bash
# Configure your Godot path
# Edit dev-settings.json: "godot_dev_path": "your/path/here"

# Deploy and build
python tests/test_runner.py all

# Or step by step:
python tests/test_runner.py status    # Check environment
python tests/test_runner.py deploy    # Copy module to Godot
python tests/test_runner.py build     # Build Godot with module
```

## 📊 FEATURES IMPLEMENTED

### Core Functionality
- [x] SVG file loading and parsing
- [x] String-based SVG loading
- [x] Multi-resolution rasterization
- [x] Symbol extraction and individual rendering
- [x] Element ID lookup and targeting

### Advanced Features
- [x] Runtime style overrides (fill, stroke, opacity)
- [x] Caching system for performance
- [x] Level-of-detail (LOD) optimization
- [x] Memory management with smart pointers
- [x] Error handling and validation

### Integration
- [x] Godot Resource system integration
- [x] Texture system integration
- [x] Sprite system integration
- [x] Editor support and property exposure
- [x] Scene saving/loading support

## 🎨 USAGE EXAMPLES

### Basic SVG Loading
```gdscript
var svg = SVGResource.new()
svg.load_from_file("res://icons.svg")
var image = svg.rasterize_full(Vector2i(256, 256))
```

### Symbol-based Sprites
```gdscript
var sprite = SVGSprite2D.new()
sprite.svg_resource = svg
sprite.symbol_id = "play_icon"
sprite.draw_size = Vector2(64, 64)
add_child(sprite)
```

### Runtime Style Changes
```gdscript
svg.override_fill("button_bg", Color.RED)
svg.override_stroke("border", Color.BLUE)
```

## 📁 PROJECT STRUCTURE

```
gotot-svg-module/
├── modules/svg_module/          # Main module source
│   ├── src/                     # C++ implementation
│   │   ├── lunasvg/            # LunaSVG library (v3.3.0)
│   │   ├── *.cpp/*.h           # Module implementation
│   │   └── register_types.*    # Godot integration
│   └── config.py               # Build configuration
├── tests/                      # Test infrastructure
│   ├── assets/                 # Test SVG files
│   ├── test_runner.py         # Main test automation
│   ├── build_test.py          # Build validation
│   └── test_*.py              # GDScript test scripts
├── dev-settings.json          # Development configuration
├── README.md                  # Complete documentation
└── WORKING_JOURNAL.md         # Development log
```

## 💡 NEXT STEPS

While the module is production-ready, potential enhancements include:

1. **Performance Optimization**
   - Multi-threading support
   - GPU acceleration
   - Memory usage optimization

2. **Advanced Features**
   - SVG animation support
   - Filter effects
   - Complex path operations

3. **Platform Expansion**
   - Mobile optimization
   - Web export support
   - Console platforms

## 🔧 DEVELOPMENT WORKFLOW

The module includes a complete development workflow:

- **Automated deployment** to Godot development environment
- **Build automation** with proper error handling
- **Comprehensive testing** with multiple test scenarios
- **Status monitoring** of development environment
- **Backup management** of existing modules

This infrastructure makes it easy to continue development, test changes, and deploy updates.

Commit message:

Complete property and method renaming from SVG to PonSVG
- Updated property names to use ponsvg_resource consistently
- Renamed methods: set_svg_resource → set_ponsvg_resource, get_svg_resource → get_ponsvg_resource
- Updated method bindings in both PonSVGTexture and PonSVGSprite2D classes
- Updated header declarations to match implementation
- All public API now consistently uses PonSVG prefix

PROJECT_STATUS.md, after:

# PonSVG Module Development - Current Status

## ✅ COMPLETED WORK

### Core Implementation
- **LunaSVG Integration**: Complete with v3.3.0 API
- **PonSVGResource**: Full SVG parsing and rasterization
- **PonSVGTexture**: Dynamic texture generation from SVG
- **PonSVGSprite2D**: Optimized sprite rendering with symbols
- **Style Override System**: Runtime color/style modifications
- **Symbol Extraction**: ID-based symbol identification and rendering

### Build System
- **Module Configuration**: Complete scons build setup
- **Cross-platform Support**: Windows, Linux, macOS ready
- **Library Integration**: All LunaSVG and PlutoVG sources included

### Test Infrastructure  
- **Development Environment**: Automated deployment to Godot
- **Test Suite**: Comprehensive validation and functional tests
- **Asset Management**: Organized test SVGs and documentation
- **Configuration**: Flexible dev-settings.json for local paths

## 🎯 READY FOR USE

The PonSVG module is **production-ready** and can be:

1. **Deployed** to any Godot development environment
2. **Built** with standard Godot build process
3. **Tested** with included comprehensive test suite
4. **Used** in Godot projects for SVG rendering

## 🚀 QUICK START

```bash
# Configure your Godot path
# Edit dev-settings.json: "godot_dev_path": "your/path/here"

# Deploy and build
python tests/test_runner.py all

# Or step by step:
python tests/test_runner.py status    # Check environment
python tests/test_runner.py deploy    # Copy module to Godot
python tests/test_runner.py build     # Build Godot with module
```

## 📊 FEATURES IMPLEMENTED

### Core Functionality
- [x] SVG file loading and parsing
- [x] String-based SVG loading
- [x] Multi-resolution rasterization
- [x] Symbol extraction and individual rendering
- [x] Element ID lookup and targeting

### Advanced Features
- [x] Runtime style overrides (fill, stroke, opacity)
- [x] Caching system for performance
- [x] Level-of-detail (LOD) optimization
- [x] Memory management with smart pointers
- [x] Error handling and validation

### Integration
- [x] Godot Resource system integration
- [x] Texture system integration
- [x] Sprite system integration
- [x] Editor support and property exposure
- [x] Scene saving/loading support

## 🎨 USAGE EXAMPLES

### Basic SVG Loading
```gdscript
var svg = PonSVGResource.new()
svg.load_from_file("res://icons.svg")
var image = svg.rasterize_full(Vector2i(256, 256))
```

### Symbol-based Sprites
```gdscript
var sprite = PonSVGSprite2D.new()
sprite.ponsvg_resource = svg
sprite.symbol_id = "play_icon"
sprite.draw_size = Vector2(64, 64)
add_child(sprite)
```

### Runtime Style Changes
```gdscript
svg.override_fill("button_bg", Color.RED)
svg.override_stroke("border", Color.BLUE)
```

## 📁 PROJECT STRUCTURE

```
gotot-svg-module/
├── modules/ponsvg/          # Main module source
│   ├── src/                     # C++ implementation
│   │   ├── lunasvg/            # LunaSVG library (v3.3.0)
│   │   ├── *.cpp/*.h           # Module implementation
│   │   └── register_types.*    # Godot integration
│   └── config.py               # Build configuration
├── tests/                      # Test infrastructure
│   ├── assets/                 # Test SVG files
│   ├── test_runner.py         # Main test automation
│   ├── build_test.py          # Build validation
│   └── test_*.py              # GDScript test scripts
├── dev-settings.json          # Development configuration
├── README.md                  # Complete documentation
└── WORKING_JOURNAL.md         # Development log
```

## 💡 NEXT STEPS

While the module is production-ready, potential enhancements include:

1. **Performance Optimization**
   - Multi-threading support
   - GPU acceleration
   - Memory usage optimization

2. **Advanced Features**
   - SVG animation support
   - Filter effects
   - Complex path operations

3. **Platform Expansion**
   - Mobile optimization
   - Web export support
   - Console platforms

## 🔧 DEVELOPMENT WORKFLOW

The module includes a complete development workflow:

- **Automated deployment** to Godot development environment
- **Build automation** with proper error handling
- **Comprehensive testing** with multiple test scenarios
- **Status monitoring** of development environment
- **Backup management** of existing modules

This infrastructure makes it easy to continue development, test changes, and deploy updates.
